seven beginner mistakes that are
destroying your social media engagement
look no matter how many followers you
have if you don't manage to keep them
engaged and entertained over time the
results are just gonna get worse and
worse and take and it's gonna be hard to
recover
engagement is one of the key factors
that pretty much all social media
channels use to measure and determine
whether or not they should rub your
content to your followers that's right
just because you create content doesn't
mean that they're going to serve it to
your followers they decide based on your
engagement so it's one of those things
that you should be
really paying attention to and it should
be at the center of your attention
mistake number one not respond to
customers dms right away according to
koros on twitter and facebook
approximately 75 percent of users expect
a response from a private message while
68 expect a response to a public tweet
post or comment on instagram 73 of users
expect a brand to respond to whether
they reach out privately or publicly if
you don't meet your users expectations
in the chances you have to interact with
them your engagement will continually
decrease over time mistake number two
not responding to comments social media
is a game about reciprocation your
audience is interested in your product
and will appreciate it more when they
feel that deep connection with you now
let me know in the comments below if you
respond to people
if you respond to your comments good if
you don't you should start doing it not
replying fast enough to your audience is
another factor that can hurt your
engagement so try to respond as fast as
possible when you get these comments it
doesn't have to happen instantly but
waiting a time let's say 60 minutes or
even a half a day or a day is fine but
less the better i would try to aim for
within an hour and not replying to
comments can give people impression that
your brand just doesn't care for them
mistake number three not learning from
your past successes and failures if
you're putting out content that no one
cares to engage with then don't put it
out there if you're putting out content
that people love and you stop doing that
type of content you're making a mistake
learn from your successes do more of
that pay attention to your social media
account analytics identify things that
resonate with your audience and do more
of that identify what doesn't resonate
with people and do less of that mistake
number four
self-serving content make it about your
audience not about your own products or
service sure eventually you may have to
promote your own products or services
but that should only be like five or ten
percent of the time i do it maybe a few
percentage of the time sure maybe at the
end of the video i may say check out my
ad agency np digital where we help
people grow their traffic but that's not
the majority of the content mistake
number five
too much selling users don't go to
social media because they want to buy
stuff yes they do buy but they buy when
they like something and more importantly
they learn and they connect with that
channel
there are too many channels out there
that just try to sell engage first build
that loyalty because then it's much
easier to sell mistake number six not
acknowledging story mentions
reciprocity is the key everyone loves
getting a mention of their favorite
brand when they post a story and they
see that brand reposting mistake number
seven posting too much or not enough
imagine this you're putting together
your social media marketing plan
including a post two times a day on
facebook it goes all well for two weeks
and then all of a sudden posting two
times a day hurts you because people are
just overwhelmed and not engaging with
the content because it's not good enough
when you don't post too often people may
not see your brand as trustworthy when
you post too often people may get
overwhelmed when you don't post enough
people may not be familiar with your
brand build that connection so you gotta
find the right balance and you'll see if
you post too much and your engagement
starts going down start posting a little
bit less
and if you're posting very so often
where your environment just goes you
know down the drain that means you're
not posting enough you'll find the right
balance and usually posting at least
once every other day is a good start
i'll try to recommend that you try to
post at least once a day though to start
off with
now if you need help with your social
media marketing check out my ad agency
np digital where we help people and
companies grow if you enjoy the video
like it share it tell the people about
it if you have any questions leave a
comment below thank you for your time